# DS4002_CS3
Software and Platform
Software: Google Colab
Add-on package: VADER, Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn
Platform: Mac
Documentation Map
Data Folder: Contains all data
Womens Clothing E-Commerce Reviews.csv: Our original dataset, downloaded from Kaggle and uploaded to GitHub
Cleaned_Data.csv: Our cleaned data, created from the MI3_Cleaning.ipynb and used for the rest of the EDA and analysis
DataAppendix.pdf: Description of the data used
Scripts Folder: Contains all source code and scripts
MI2_Cleaning.ipynb: Data cleaning script, creates Cleaned_Data.csv
MI2_EDA: Exploratory data analysis on our cleaned dataset
MI3_Analysis_AllSentimentScores.ipynb: Analysis of all sentiment score data points
MI3_Analysis_Negative.ipynb: Analysis of negative sentiment score data points
MI3_Analysis_Positive.ipynb: Analysis of positive sentiment score data points
DataAppendixScript.ipynb: Used to create data appendix
Output Folder: Contains output generated by analysis
MI2_EDA: Folder containing pertinent figures from EDA
AgeDistribution.jpg
NumberOfReviewsPerProductType.jpg
Average Sentiment Score by Age Group.png
Distribution of Sentiment Scores.png
MI3: Folder containing pertinent figures from analysis
AllSentimentScores: Folder containing figures from analysis on all sentiment score data points
Correlation Matrix for Numerical Variables in the Dataframe.png
CountReviewByAgeGroup.jpg
CountReviewsByProductType.jpg
Linear Regression of Sentment Score on Age.png
Linear Regression of Sentiment Score on Review Length.png
NegativeScores: Folder containing figures from analysis on negative sentiment score data points
BoxplotByAgeGroup.jpg
BoxplotByProductType.jpg
LinearRegressionByAge.jpg
LinearRegressionForBottoms.jpg
LinearRegressionForOlderAges.jpg
CorrelationNegativeSentimentProduct.jpg
PositiveScores: Folder containing figures from analysis on positive sentiment score data points
BoxplotByAgeGroup.jpg
LinearRegressionByAge.jpg
CorrelationPositiveSentimentProduct.jpg
Reproduction Information
Data Gathering: We got our data from kaggle - Women's E-Commerce Clothing Reviews Dataset . However, we have uploaded it to this GitHub repository under the Data Folder. The scripts include fetching the data from our GitHub repo.
Data Cleaning: To reproduce our cleaned dataset, run the MI2_Cleaning.ipynb script. We downloaded the final dataframe and uploaded it to GitHub. The future scripts will fetch the cleaned data set from the Data Folder.
Exploratory Data Analysis: To explore the data and gather initial insights to refine the analysis plan, run the MI2_EDA.ipynb script under the Scripts Folder.
Analysis: To conduct analysis on the data, there are 3 main files to run: MI3_Analysis_AllSentimentScores.ipynb, MI3_Analysis_Negative.ipynb, and MI3_Analysis_Positive.ipynb. You can find all of these files in the Scripts Folder. We decided to do analysis on the negative and positive subsets to account for most of the reviews being positive - we still wanted to explore negative sentiment scores without any skewing.
References
“Welcome to Vadersentiment’s documentation!¶,” Welcome to VaderSentiment’s documentation! - VaderSentiment 3.3.1 documentation, https://vadersentiment.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ (accessed Sep. 11, 2024).
Nicapotato, “Women’s e-commerce clothing reviews,” Kaggle, https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nicapotato/womens-ecommerce-clothing-reviews (accessed Sep. 11, 2024).
